in the deesha refugee camp south of
Bethlehem walls carry the images of
Palestinian detainees and residents
carry the pain of their
absence fiance m is one of the thousands
of Palestinians under administrative
detention a common Israeli practice
where a person can be detained without
charge or trial
indefinitely it was very hard on me you
have plans for Life Family a house you
have responsibilities
and in a minute the occupation
demolishes all your dreams mad is an
amazing person he loves life loves the
camp and the people and they love him
back a few streets away more reminders
of those who've been
arrested asahan M's husband th
previously spent a year in
administrative detention she tells us he
was arrested again several days ago
asahan worries he'll be in the same
situation all over
again
we suffer a lot because of
administrative detention it would have
been easier if he was sentenced then
we'd know he'll be released after
finishing his sentence with
administrative detention people spend
three four 5 years like that with no
charge walk down any alley here turn any
corner and this is what you will likely
find one household after another full of
families waiting on word about their
loved ones being held without charge
according to the Palestinian prison
society around 3,300 Palestinians are in
Israeli jails sentenced to
administrative detention the highest
number in more than 30
years Israel takes revenge on
Palestinian people the increase in the
number of those detained after October
7th is unprecedented we're talking about
more than 6,000 detained from the
occupied West Bank to combat the worry
GAA and asahan seek counsel from their
neighbor malikah abakar who tells me her
son has spent 13 of a total 18 years
imprisoned under administrative
detention nidal could attend his
children's events at school or
university he wasn't able to share our
joy surrounded by walls full of photos
that showcase happier times these women
try to lighten the mood but with the
uncertainty only deepening there's
little Comfort to be found Muhammad jamj
Al jaaz at the dees refugee camp in the
occupied West Bank
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer